h1. apache Puppet Module

Based on "puppetlabs-apache":https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-apache (C) PuppetLabs.


h2. Simple Usage

bc. include apache
# Realize previously defined virtual resources of Apache modules
Apache::Module <| |>

By default this will enable the following Apache modules:

* rewrite
* headers
* expires
* deflate

h2. Common Usage

bc. include apache
package {
  libapache2-mod-fastcgi: ensure => present
}
# Enable other needed modules
@apache::module {
	actions:    ensure => present;
	fastcgi:    ensure => present;
	proxy_http: ensure => present;
}
# Realize previously defined virtual resources of Apache modules
Apache::Module <| |>


h2. Apache Modules Management

Example:

bc. @apache::module {
	fastcgi:    ensure => present;
	proxy_http: ensure => present;
	status:     ensure => absent;
}


h2. FastCGI PHP5

To connect to e.g. *PHP-FPM* :

bc. file { '/home/ceefour/public_html':
  ensure => directory,
  owner  => 'ceefour',
  group  => 'ceefour',
  mode   => 0755
}
file { '/home/ceefour/fastcgi-bin':
  ensure => directory,
  user   => 'ceefour',
  group  => 'ceefour',
  mode   => 0755
}
apache::vhost::fastcgi_php5 { 'ceefour.annafi.dev':
  docroot     => '/home/ceefour/public_html',
  fastcgi_dir => '/home/ceefour/fastcgi-bin',
  socket      => '/tmp/php5-ceefour.sock',
  options     => 'All',
  require     => [ File['/home/ceefour/public_html'],
                   File['/home/ceefour/fastcgi-bin'] ]
}

Example PHP-FPM pool configuration (@/etc/php5/fpm/pool.d/ceefour.conf@) for the above Apache FastCGI PHP5 configuration:

bc.. [ceefour]
listen = /tmp/php5-ceefour.sock

user = ceefour
group = ceefour

pm = dynamic
pm.max_children = 10
pm.start_servers = 1
pm.min_spare_servers = 1
pm.max_spare_servers = 5


h2. C Library Development Usage

Add class @apache::dev@ :

bc. include apache::dev
